Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S"...
LITTLE LATE FOR A JOYRIDE,
ISN'T IT YUSEI?
SO WHAT?
SO, IF YOU'RE PLANNING ON
DUELING, I'M COMING TOO.
HOLD ON!
WHO'S GONNA
WATCH YOUR BACK
AGAINST THESE
DARK SIGNERS HUH?!
CROW, THIS ISN'T
JUST ANOTHER DUEL!
YOU FACE THEM,
YOU PLAY FOR KEEPS.
AND I'M NOT TALKIN'
ABOUT YOUR DECK.
IF YOU LOSE
THEN WE ALL DO.
SO COUNT ME IN.
[GRUNTS] IT'S...YUSEI.
IF WE CAN BEAT HIM...
OUR POWER WILL BE
ALL BUT UNSTOPPABLE IN THE WAR.
THIS SATELLITE'S MINE.
I HAVE A DEBT
TO COLLECT.
HAPPY HUNTING KALIN.
Kalin: YUSEI!
AND HIS BIRDBRAIN FRIEND.
YOU DON'T KNOW HOW LONG I'VE
BEEN WAITING FOR THIS MOMENT.
IT'S A SHAME IT'LL
BE OVER SO QUICKLY.
[SCOFFS]
SO HOW DO YOU
KNOW OUR NAMES?
[SNORTS] I NEVER FORGOT,
OLD FRIEND.
[BOTH GASP]
KALIN KESSLER?
IS THAT REALLY YOU?!
WE THOUGHT THAT WHEN
YOU LEFT THE SATELLITE
IT WAS FOREVER.
IT WAS.
BUT THANKS TO YOU
AND THAT MARK OF YOURS,
KALIN IS BACK!
KALIN PLEASE.
YOU HAVE TO STOP
WHAT YOU'RE PLANNING
TO DO
TO THE SATELLITE!
YOU WERE
ONCE OUR FRIEND!
"ONCE YOUR FRIEND," YES.
BUT NOW...YOUR ENEMY!
[BOTH GASP]
[GROANS]
[GROWLS]
AFTER WHAT YOU DID TO ME THIS IS
SWEET JUSTICE, DEAR OLD FRIEND!
YOU DESTROYED MY LIFE,
SO I'LL DESTROY YOUR HOME.
THE SATELLITE WILL BURN!
NOT GOOD.
[GASP]
WHAT IS THIS?!
[GRUNTS]
HEAD FOR
THOSE LIGHTS.
WE FOUND YUSEI.
NOW GET READY FOR
THE DUEL OF YOUR LIFE.
[LAUGHS]
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT'S GOING ON
IS THAT YOU'RE GOING DOWN.
I'LL PUMMEL YOU...
INTO THE SHADOWY DEPTHS
OF THE NETHERWORLD.
[CHUCKLES]
THE DARK SIGNERS
GOT TO YOU.
NO, I'M NOT
SOME PUPPET...
I'M ONE OF THE GUYS
HOLDING THE STRINGS.
THIS RIGHT HERE
IS THE REAL DEAL.
NOT LIKE THE MARK
ON THAT DRONE
YOU DUELED
BACK IN DOMINO CITY.
HE WAS JUST A PAWN
IN OUR LITTLE GAME...
WE CAUGHT HIM AND OTHERS
LIKE HIM IN OUR WEB...
SO TO SPEAK.
SO YOU'RE
A DARK SIGNER.
THIS IS WHAT GOODWIN
WAS TALKING ABOUT.
BECAUSE YOU ARE STRONG
AND SELFLESS YUSEI,
THE DRAGON KNEW YOU WOULD
NOT RUN FROM A CHALLENGE
OR FROM THE DARKNESS
THAT IS COMING.
AND THIS DARKNESS
IS DANGEROUS.
IT WILL TAKE ON
MANY FORMS,
IT MAY BE A STRANGER
OR A FRIEND...
BUT YOU WILL KNOW
FOR THEY WILL HAVE
THE MARK OF
THE SHADOW...
JUST AS YOU WERE CHOSEN
TO PROTECT THE LIGHT,
THEY CHOOSE TO PROTECT
THE DARKNESS.
THEY WILL STOP AT NOTHING
TO STOP YOU YUSEI.
OH MAN!
WHAT IS THAT THING?
I GOTTA GET A BETTER LOOK AT IT.
[GASP]
I MIGHT HAVE
A BETTER LOOK AT IT NOW,
BUT I STILL HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT THAT GIANT GLOWING
NEON THING IS.
OK, THIS IS SORTAAAAA...FREAKY.
[GASPING]
Tank: WOAH!
WHAT IS THAT?!
DOES ANYBODY ELSE...
THINK THIS IS BAD?
Man: WHAT'S THAT THING
OVER THE SATELLITE?
I DUNNO...
THE FUTURE'S
IN YOUR HANDS YUSEI.
[THINKING] THAT VISION...
[OUT LOUD] IT CAN'T BE!
INTERESTING.
I WONDER IF THIS
HAS ANYTHING TO DO
WITH THE NEWS
REPORTS EARLIER
ABOUT THE NAZCA
LINES IN PERU.
REMEMBER THAT,
JACK, THEY, LIKE--
STARTED GLOWING
AND THEN DISAPPEARED
OR SOMETHING?
PILOT, TAKE US DOWN LOWER!
UNH...OK.
JACK?
CROW..
Jack: WHO'S THAT
DOWN THERE WITH YUSEI?...
WHY ARE WE
STOPPING HERE?
GO LOWER!
THERE'S SOME KINDA WEIRD
ENERGY FIELD DOWN THERE.
MY INSTRUMENTS
ARE GOING HAYWIRE!
"ENERGY FIELD?"
WHAT'S CAUSING IT?
I SAID "TAKE US LOWER!"
JACK, UH--THAT'S
PROB'LY NOT SAFE.
WHO DO YOU WORK FOR?! LOWER!
Pilot: I'M LOSING CONTROL.
I CAN'T HOLD HER STEADY.
BRACE YOURSELVES!
Pilot: COME ON, PULL UP,
PULL UP...THERE YOU GO!
JACK?...WHAT'S
HE DOING HERE?
IS THAT WHO I...THINK IT IS?
Pilot: I'VE GOTTA
TAKE US BACK UP!
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS
AT THIS LEVEL.
[GASP]
WAS THAT JACK ATLAS?!
[LAUGHS]
THIS...IS...GREAT!
WITH JACK AND CROW HERE,
WE'LL ALL BE BACK
TOGETHER AGAIN!
IT'S GOOD
TO SEE YOU...YUSEI.
KALIN...
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
YOU SURPRISED?
I BET YOU NEVER THOUGHT
YOU'D SEE ME AGAIN.
AND TO THINK, WE USED
TO BE SO CLOSE...[GIGGLES]
WELL, IN CASE
YOU WERE WONDERING
AFTER ALL
THESE YEARS, YUSEI,
NO--I HAVEN'T FORGIVEN YOU,
FOR BETRAYING OUR FRIENDSHIP.
KALIN...YOU BETRAYED US
WHEN YOU TOOK THINGS
TOO FAR.
I DIDN'T TAKE THINGS
FAR ENOUGH!
BECAUSE OF YOU.
AND YOUR WEAKNESS.
BUT I HAD NO CHOICE.
JACK--WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT SEEMS LIKE YOU KNOW
THAT GUY DOWN THERE
WITH YUSEI.
WHO IS HE?
HIS NAME'S KALIN.
HE'S FROM THE SATELLITE.
WE USED TO ALL
DUEL TOGETHER.
HE WAS ONE OF OUR
CLOSEST FRIENDS.
THAT GUY
WAS YOUR FRIEND!?
[THINKING] KALIN,
WHAT HAPPENED TO THE DAYS
WHEN IT WAS THE 4 OF US
AGAINST THE WORLD.
[GROANING]
[CHUCKLES]
SO DID YOU REALLY THINK
YOU COULD DEFEAT US
ALL BY YOURSELF, CROW?
HA!
WELL YOU WERE WRONG!
NOT COOL.
TAKE A MESSAGE
TO YOUR FRIENDS.
THE FLEET DISTRICT
BELONGS TO THE MAGICIANS
AND THAT IS NOT GONNA
CHANGE ANYTIME SOON.
AND LET 'EM KNOW
THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS
TO DUELISTS
WHO CHALLENGE US.
[MAGICIANS LAUGH]
AAAW...WAS THAT NECESSARY?
Magician: JUST BE GLAD
WE DON'T TAKE
YOUR DECK, LOSER.
[LAUGHS]
[SNICKERS]
COME ON, GUYS...
LET'S TALK THIS OUT!
I'M SORRY I CAME TO YOUR TURF
N' CHALLENGED YOUR AUTHORITY!
HEH, HEH, HEH...
AND IF YOU BELIEVE THAT,
I'VE GOT A HIGH-RISE
PENTHOUSE IN DOMINO CITY
I'D LIKE TO SELL YA.
[GRUNTS]
YA' LIKE MAGIC, CROW?...
'CAUSE WE'RE ABOUT
TO MAKE YOU DISAPPEAR
FOR GOOD.
NO ONE'S GONNA SAVE YOU.
NO ONE EVEN KNOWS
WHERE YOU ARE.
THIS HIDEOUT IS SECRET.
OH, REALLY?
HUH?
Magician: UH...WHAT IS THAT?
ANSWER HIM!
WHAT IS THAT,
SOME KINDA DETONATION DEVICE
OR SOMETHIN'?
HEH, HEH, HEH!...
IT'S A TRANSMITTER.
WHAT'S IT TRANSMITTING
BUDDY?!
IT'S TRANSMITTING
OUR LOCATION!
WHADDYA GUYS THINK?...
WE SHOULD SCRAM, RIGHT?
[LAUGHS]
Both: AAH!
OH NO...
THEY'RE HERE...
THE ENFORCERS...
Magician: CUT THE POWER!
AAH!
YOU'RE NOT LEAVING,
ARE YOU?
THE FUN'S
JUST ABOUT TO START.
[GRRR]
HMPH!
THE LOSER'S DUEL DISK
IS DESTROYED.
AND UNTIL WE HAVE
A WINNER...
NO ONE'S GOING ANYWHERE.
WHO ARE YOU?
YUSEI...
Jack: CROW!
GOT IT!
HEH HEH.
AND NOW I GOT YOU TOO!
Jack: STOP!
I CAN'T LET YOU LEAVE
WITHOUT THANKING YOU...
FOR TAKING CARE
OF MY FRIEND.
WE WERE WORRIED ABOUT HIM.
SO PLEASE...
ALLOW ME TO EXPRESS
MY HEARTFELT GRATITUDE!
WAAAAAH!!
All: LET'S DUEL!
IT'S MY MOVE!
I SUMMON SPEED WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
LET'S DANCE!
ALLOW ME TO INTRODUCE YOU
TO BLACKWING BORA THE SPEAR!
IT'S MY TURN!
AND I SUMMON
MAD ARCHFIEND!
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
YOU FEELING
LEFT OUT?
WHO...WHO'RE YOU?
I'M THE GUY
WHO'S GONNA
BRING YOU DOWN.
YOU AND YOUR FAKE
MAGICIAN FRIENDS
HAVE BEEN MAKING
LIFE MISERABLE
FOR PEOPLE IN
THE FLEET DISTRICT.
THAT'S GONNA END
HERE AND NOW.
Kalin: YOUR
HOCUS POCUS DAYS
OF CONTROLLING
THE FLEET DISTRICT
ARE OVER!
SHALL WE?
YOU'RE GONNA
REGRET THIS...
RIGHT...!
JUNK WARRIOR ATTACK
WITH SCRAP FIST!
[GRUNTS]
NOW TO FINISH YOU OFF--
BLACKWING ARMOR MASTER--ATTACK!
[GRUNTS]
EXPLODER DRAGONWING'S GOT SOME
HURT HE'D LIKE TO GIVE YOU.
DARK ERADICATOR
WARLOCK ATTACK!
IT WON'T DO MUCH GOOD
AGAINST MY HATE BUSTER
TRAP CARD!
[GRUNTS]
Kalin: AND PRESTO!
THIS DUEL'S OVER.
NOW WHY DON'T YOU
MAKE LIKE A RABBIT
AND DISAPPEAR.
Yusei: KALIN.
Kalin: NICE JOB, CROW.
SORRY YOU HAD TO BE THE BAIT.
Crow: NEXT TIME--DON'T DELAY
THE SURPRISE ENTRANCE SO MUCH?
Kalin: YOU GOT IT.
THAT GANG WAS
THE LAST OF 'EM...
DONE!
THE FLEET DISTRICT
IS OFFICIALLY
SAFE...
THANKS TO
THE ENFORCERS.
[SNICKERS]
SOMETHING FUNNY?
WE HAD FUN...
WAY BACK IN
THE DAY...DIDN'T WE?
DIDN'T WE, CROW?
AND JACK!?--
DIDN'T WE
HAVE A BLAST?!
BUT NOW THAT'S
ALL GONNA END!
SO UH...I'M GUESSING
YOU'RE NOT EXACTLY
FRIENDS ANYMORE?...
WHAT HAPPENED?
Jack: WHEN I WAS GROWING UP...
SATELLITE WAS A ROUGH PLACE.
ROUGHER THAN IT IS NOW.
EVERY DISTRICT WAS
OVERRUN BY DUEL GANGS.
IN ORDER TO SURVIVE,
YOU FOUND FRIENDS...
YOU STUCK TOGETHER...
AND YOU LAID LOW...
I HAD YUSEI...AND CROW...
AND KALIN...
THEY WERE MY FRIENDS.
WE HUNG OUT TOGETHER...
WE LOOKED OUT FOR EACH OTHER...
AND FOR EVERYBODY ELSE
IN OUR DISTRICT...
AND THEN ONE DAY, KALIN DECIDED
HE WAS DONE LAYING LOW.
HE DECIDED IT WAS
TIME TO FIGHT BACK.
THE BISHOPS ARE HAVING
A LITTLE GET TOGETHER TONIGHT
IN CHECKER SQUARE.
TIME TO LET THEM KNOW THEY CAN'T
HAVE THE COURT DISTRICT ANYMORE.
Jack: AT FIRST, OUR ONLY GOAL
WAS TO MAKE OUR DISTRICT
A SAFE PLACE TO LIVE...
BUT THEN KALIN GOT AMBITIOUS.
HE DECIDED WE NEEDED
TO RID THE SATELLITE
OF ALL THE DUEL GANGS.
YOU GUYS READY TO GO
TAKE DOWN THE AMBULATORS?
YEAH.
WE CAN DREAM ALL WE WANT TO,
BUT WE'RE NEVER GETTIN'
OUTTA THE SATELLITE, BOYS.
SO WE NEED TO MAKE
THE SATELLITE THE PLACE TO BE!
WE NEED TO WIPE OUT
THESE DUEL GANGS
AND MAKE THE STREETS
SAFE FOR EVERYONE!
Jack: KALIN INSPIRED US...
HE TAUGHT US TO BELIEVE
IN OURSELVES.
HE SHOWED US THAT
WE HAD THE POWER
TO CHANGE OUR SITUATION
AND THAT WE COULD CONTROL
OUR OWN DESTINIES.
I GUESS YOU COULD SAY
HE WAS OUR LEADER.
AT THE TIME, WE WOULD'VE
FOLLOWED HIM ANYWHERE.
TIME FOR THE ENFORCERS
TO DO SOME ENFORCING!
[CHUCKLES]
Jack: THINGS WERE GOING GREAT...
SATELLITE'S DISTRICTS
WERE STARTING TO BECOME SAFE.
BUT THEN...KALIN
TOOK THINGS TOO FAR...
Kalin: YOU NEVER SHOULD'VE
BETRAYED ME, YUSEI.
Yusei: YOU HAD TO BE
STOPPED, KALIN.
I WAS TRYING TO MAKE
SATELLITE A BETTER PLACE!
DO YOU REALLY THINK
SECTOR SECURITY
HAD OUR BEST INTEREST
IN MIND?
WELL, NO, BUT...
THEY NEEDED TO FALL,
LIKE THE DUEL GANGS!
SATELLITE NEEDED TO BE
OURS AND OURS ALONE.
BUT--THE PAST
IS ANCIENT HISTORY,
LET'S START TALKING
ABOUT YOUR FUTURE.
I'M GOING TO SEND YOU
TO THE NETHERWORLD!
COME ON--LET'S DUEL!
KALIN--WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOU?
HOW DID YOU BECOME
A DARK SIGNER?
[LAUGHS]
ARE YOU SCARED, YUSEI!?
NO!
IN THE FIELD SPELL--
SPEED WORLD!
D-wheel computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT STANDING BY.
KALIN, TALK TO ME--
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
[LAUGHS]
IT'S A LITTLE
LATE IN THE GAME
TRYING TO PLAY
CATCH-UP, YUSEI!
WHAT'S DONE IS DONE,
AND THERE'S NO GOING BACK.
THE ONLY THING
LEFT TO DO...
IS FOR ME TO DEFEAT YOU.
SO--WHAT HAPPENS TO ME
IF I LOSE THIS DUEL?
DO I BECOME ONE OF YOU?
NOT QUITE...BUT
YOU WILL BE CONSUMED.
YOU'LL BE IMMERSED,
IN THE SHADOWS
OF THE NETHERWORLD.
Yusei: THAT'S NOT
GOING TO HAPPEN!
I'M GONNA PUT
A STOP TO YOU
AND SAVE THE SATELLITE.
Both: LET'S DUEL!
MINA--DO YOU THINK
YOU CAN GET
THEIR PLAY-BY-PLAY
UP ON THE MONITOR?
YES--I CAN DO THAT.
JUST NEED TO LOCK IN
TO THEIR FREQUENCIES.
YUSEI...BE CAREFUL...
LET'S GO.
YES--TIME TO BEGIN
THIS THING!
TIME FOR THE ENFORCERS
TO RIDE AGAIN!
[LAUGHS]
IT'S MY TURN!
I SUMMON INFERNALTY BEAST!
Duel runner computer:
INFERNALTY BEAST IS A LEVEL 3
DARK ATTRIBUTE
BEAST TYPE MONSTER
THAT HAS 1600 ATTACK POINTS
AND 1200 DEFENSE POINTS.
AND NOW THAT I'VE
GOT HIM ON THE FIELD,
I THINK I'LL PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
COME, YUSEI!
I'VE BEEN LOOKING FORWARD
TO THIS DUEL
FOR A VERY, VERY LONG TIME...
DON'T LET ME DOWN!
GIMME EVERYTHING
YOU'VE GOT!
YOU ASKED FOR IT!
I SUMMON SPEED WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND DURING THE BATTLE PHASE
OF THIS TURN--
SPEED WARRIOR'S ATTACK POINTS
ARE DOUBLED!
SPEED WARRIOR MOVE IN
AND SEND THAT BEAST
OF HIS TO THE POUND!
NOT SO FAST YUSEI!
I PLAY THE TRAP
DEPTH AMULET!
BY DISCARDING ONE CARD
FROM MY HAND,
I CAN NEGATE
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK!
[LAUGHS]
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE STILL
PLAYING THE SAME OLD CARDS.
I EXPECTED MORE YUSEI!
OH, YEAH?
AND HOW HAVE YOU
CHANGED UP YOURS, KALIN?
[LAUGHS]
YOU'LL FIND OUT
SOON ENOUGH.
WELL IN THE MEANTIME,
I'LL PLAY TWO FACEDOWNS
AND END MY TURN.
MY MOVE THEN!
N'FROM MY HAND--I'M SUMMONING
INFERNALTY FIEND!
AND NOW--INFERNALTY BEAST
TAKE OUT HIS SPEED WARRIOR!
AAAAH!!
[LAUGHS]
CAREFUL, YUSEI!
DON'T SPIN OUT OF CONTROL!
THE POWERS OF THE DARK SHADOWS
REALLY SUIT ME!
DUELS ARE MUCH MORE EXCITING
WHEN I CAN DISH OUT REAL PAIN!
IN FACT I LIKE IT SO MUCH,
I THINK I'LL
DISH OUT SOME MORE!
INFERNALTY FIEND
ATTACK YUSEI DIRECTLY!
YUSEI!
HANG ON, PAL!
[LAUGHS]
HEY, YUSEI--HERE'S
A HELPING HAND!
TOO BAD, THE ONLY ONE
IT'S GOING TO HELP IS ME.
NOW PREPARE TO BE ABSORBED
INTO THE NETHERWORLD...